Implement `rstuf artifact add` command (#344)
repository-service-tuf/repository-service-tuf-cli: docs/source/guide/index.rst

    ╰──────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────╯

.. rstuf-cli-artifact

Artifact Management (``artifact``)
==================================

Manages artifacts using the RSTUF REST API.

.. code::

    ❯ rstuf artifact

    Usage: rstuf artifact [OPTIONS] COMMAND [ARGS]...

    Artifact Management Commands

    ╭─ Options ────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────╮
    │ --help          -h    Show this message and exit.                                                │
    ╰──────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────╯

    ╭─ Commands ───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────╮
    │ add          Add artifacts to the metadata (`targets.json`).                                     │
    ╰──────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────╯

.. rstuf-cli-artifact-add

Artifact Addition (``add``)
---------------------------

> This command adds the provided artifact to the metadata (`targets.json`) using the RSTUF REST API.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This command adds the provided artifact to the TUF Metadata using the RSTUF REST API.
```

    ╰──────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────╯

.. rstuf-cli-artifact

Artifact Management (``artifact``)
==================================

Manages artifacts using the RSTUF REST API.

.. code::

    ❯ rstuf artifact

    Usage: rstuf artifact [OPTIONS] COMMAND [ARGS]...

    Artifact Management Commands

    ╭─ Options ────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────╮
    │ --help          -h    Show this message and exit.                                                │
    ╰──────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────╯

    ╭─ Commands ───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────╮

>     │ add          Add artifacts to the metadata (`targets.json`).                                     │

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    │ add              Add artifacts to the TUF metadata.                                           │
```

Author: Thanks, I'd missed that!
